README.md, before:

CosmoPass
============
A multi language passphrase generator

## Wordlists
Taken from various sources. Each wordlist is owned by each respective author.

1. EFF English Wordlist (by Electronic Frontier Foundation, https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2016/07/new-wordlists-random-passphrases)
2. Indonesian Wordlist (by me, https://github.com/azophy/id-wordlist, CC-BY-4.0 license))
3. Catalan Wordlist (by Marcel Hernandez, https://github.com/1ma/diceware-cat, CC-BY-4.0 license)
4. Chinese (Pinyin) Wordlist (by Chenfeng Bao, https://github.com/cfbao/chinese-diceware, CC-BY-4.0 license)
5. Estonian (by Kaarel Pärtel, https://täringvara.ee/ , CC-BY-SA-4.0 license)
6. Hungarian (Soma Lucz, https://github.com/luczsoma/HungarianDiceware, CC-BY-SA-4.0 license)
7. Bulgarian (yradunchev  http://blog.radunchev.com/2016/06/02/randomized-diceware-word-lists-misc/, CC-BY-4.0 license)

## Copyright and License
Copyright 2020 Abdurrahman Shofy Adianto

The website is released under <a href="https://www.gnu.org/licenses/#AGPL">GNU Affero General Public License v3</a>

The wordlist used here is distributed under each original author as listed above

Commit message:

Add Czech, Dasih, & German wordlist

README.md, after:

CosmoPass
============
A multi language passphrase generator

## Wordlists
Taken from various sources. Each wordlist is owned by each respective author.

1. EFF English Wordlist (by Electronic Frontier Foundation, https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2016/07/new-wordlists-random-passphrases)
2. Indonesian Wordlist (by me, https://github.com/azophy/id-wordlist, CC-BY-4.0 license))
3. Catalan Wordlist (by Marcel Hernandez, https://github.com/1ma/diceware-cat, CC-BY-4.0 license)
4. Chinese (Pinyin) Wordlist (by Chenfeng Bao, https://github.com/cfbao/chinese-diceware, CC-BY-4.0 license)
5. Estonian (by Kaarel Pärtel, https://täringvara.ee/ , CC-BY-SA-4.0 license)
6. Hungarian (Soma Lucz, https://github.com/luczsoma/HungarianDiceware, CC-BY-SA-4.0 license)
7. Bulgarian (yradunchev, http://blog.radunchev.com/2016/06/02/randomized-diceware-word-lists-misc/, CC-BY-4.0 license)
8. Czech (by Vladimír Sedmík, http://world.std.com/~reinhold/diceware_wordlist_cz.txt, GNU GPL)
9. Danish (by Povl Falk-Jensen, http://pastebin.com/rFatW8up)
10. German (by Benjamin Tenne & Simon Klima, https://theworld.com/~reinhold/diceware_german_msfw.txt, GNU GPL)

## Copyright and License
Copyright 2020 Abdurrahman Shofy Adianto

The website is released under <a href="https://www.gnu.org/licenses/#AGPL">GNU Affero General Public License v3</a>

The wordlist used here is distributed under each original author as listed above
